spare part n.

[usually plural]

a new part that you buy to replace an old or broken part of a car, machine, etc. 备件；配件；零件

in this way = by way of this

上门取送业务 pick-up and delivery service

P28 / 2022-11-27 18:00

knock at/on the door

knock the door down to get in

It's past six now so let's knock off.

The shop assistant knocked 10% of the bill.

The car knocked the boy over.

in return for the favour = to return the favour

stand on his head 倒立

He **calls at** every house in the street once a month.

call at/in 拜访、光顾

call by 顺便去

call on sb. 拜访某人

P32 / 2022-11-27 18:32

Our clavichord is kept in the living room.

keep: to put customarily; store

What kept you? 耽误

P48 / 2022-11-27 19:23

Tony worked in a lawyer's office but he's now working at a bank.

P52 / 2022-11-29 12:54

a good turn 善良的行为

P52 / 2022-11-29 11:53

give a piano **recital**  独奏会

He's a difficult child.

difficult a.

 (of people 人) not easy to please; not helpful 难以讨好的；难以取悦的；不愿帮助的  awkward

a difficult child  / customer  / boss

难哄的孩子；难对付的顾客；难讨好的老板

They will be arriving here tomorrow.

与一般将来时相比，将来进行时表示不久的将来，有很大的可能性

P60 / 2022-11-29 14:55

I was caught in a traffic jam.

ask sb for a lift

give sb a lift/ride

Apart from a few words I do not know any French at all.

apart from = except for

As I soon learnt, he was English himself.

as相当于learn的宾语；himself表示强调

P64 / 2022-11-29 15:08

They are on duty **by turns**.

We'll cross the bridge **in turn**.

They **took turns** to look after the baby.

an extra (sum of one) thousand pounds

'I broke that plate,' he said.

He said he had broken that plate.

a blessing in disguise

P68 / 2022-11-29 15:34

If you receive a request like this, you cannot fail to obey it.

fail to do sth

P72 / 2022-11-29 17:54

Time takes a toll on beauty.

P76 / 2022-11-29 18:11

John sold up and went to Australia.

I might as well have them.

P84 / 2022-11-29 18:33

go/sell like hot cakes

to sell quickly or in great numbers 畅销

P87 / 2022-11-29 18:37

what sb is driving at

(informal) the thing sb is trying to say 某人的用意；某人话中的意思

I wish I knew what they were driving at. 我要是知道他们的用意就好了。

sport n.

[uncountable] (formal) enjoyment or fun 乐趣；消遣；玩笑；逗乐

The comments were only made in sport. 那些话只不过是开个玩笑。

to make sport of (＝ to joke about) sb/sth 开某人／某事的玩笑

P88 / 2022-11-29 18:48

L21

come into use

When did bank note come into use?

be out of use

That telephone is out of use now.

L27

put sb up for two days 留某日住在家中两日

put up his computer for sale

cook a meal over the open fire

The stream wound its way across the field.

a snake wind around a branch

wind the clock

L29

a block of flats

a deserted car park

a **lonely** village 偏僻的

The plane has flown many passengers.

L30

in sight -- out of sight

Out of sight, out of the mind.

They fell in love of first sight.

good nature man

L31

(from) rag and riches 从赤贫到巨富

L32

buy a few small articles  物品

L33

She was caught in the storm.

toward evening  接近傍晚

on arriving at the shore, as soon as she arrived the shore

L34

call at the station = pay a visit to the station

The bicycle was picked up in a small village.

He was most surprised when he heard the news.

behind the bar

a false alarm

L35

He is finding his new work far more exciting.

He saw too thief rush out a shop and run toward a waiting car.

see sb do 瞬间性动作（此处为不带to的不定式）

Roy drove his bus into the back of it.

the battered car

L36

Among them will be Debbie’s mother, who swam the Channel herself when she was a girl.

L37

an immense stadium

finish the work on the new stadium

Everybody will be anxiously as the new building go up.

L38

He had no sooner returned than he bought a house and went to live there.

bitterly cold

L39

a bedside telephone

the hospital exchange

L40

next to

Next to your mother, who do you love most?

I know next to nothing about him.

L41

what do you call...

how do you say...

L42

a snake charmer

have/get/catch a glimpse of

tell the boy from his twin brother

L43

run into serious trouble

run into an old friend another day

clear the mountains by 400 feet

get over the mountains

get over your shyness

I missed the train by five minutes.

L44

take/run the risk of doing sth

come up to sb

rush up to sb

be in my family’s possession

come into my possession

go through the bag

L45

a clear/guilty conscience

It contained half the money he had lost, together with a note

half (of) the money

in time 最后

L46

a pile of woollen goods

He had been confined to the wooden box for over eighteen hours.

L47

I went to the theatre last night ---- I told him that I had gone to the theatre the night before.

The villagers will not accept the pub even if he gives it away.

You’re lying. Your face gives you away。

The thief gave his companions away to the police.

L48

in answer to these questions I either nodded or made strange noises.

an absent-minded dentist

L49

save up for years to buy a real bed

A gust of wind swept the bed off the roof and sent it crashing into the courtyard below.

The news sent him into a rage.

The song sent the child to sleep.

bits and pieces

have a narrow escape

he promptly went to sleep again

L50

go on an excursion

I forgot to put you off.

L51

I paid him a visit yesterday.

as fat as ever

abstain  abstinence

L52

give him an inch an d he will take an ell  1 ell = 45 inches

a short while ago

gaze at the floor

gaze into her eyes

L53

the remains of a snake

a power line

A bird had snatched up the snake from the ground and then dropped it on to the wires.

The snake then wound itself round the wires.

L54

I picked up the receiver between two sticky fingers.

We have 100 dollars between us.

I had no sooner go back to the kitchen than the doorbell rang loud enough to wake the dead.

L55

Dreams came true.   Linking verb

The door came open.

a tin trunk

‘The Revealer’ may reveal something of value fairly soon.

L56

a great deal of pleasure

It is very different from modern car races but no less exciting.

L57

the way she was dressed

Glancing at her scornfully, he told her that the dress was sold.

L58

The village is said to possess a ‘cursed’ tree.

The tree has already claimed a number of victims.

claim v.

(of a disaster, an accident, etc) cause the loss or death of (sb) （指灾难﹑ 事故等）使（某人）失踪或死亡: The earthquake claimed thousands of lives/victims. 地震夺去数以千计的[人]罹难者的生命.

The tree is a useful source of income.

cut their names on the tree trunk

So far, not one of them has been struck down by sudden death.

L59

an expert at/in doing sth

an expert in economics

        on foreign affairs

        with the needles

When I was going out shopping last week, I noticed him in the garden near the gate.

L60

a fortune-teller

L61

at a cost of over a billion dollars

Its main mirror was faulty.

put the telescope right

send up four astronauts to repair it

The Hubble will tell us a great deal (about the age and size) of the universe.

L62

In many places the grass had already taken root.

L63

have a large circle of friends

He was a little disappointed by this but he did as his daughter asked.

L64

The engineer arrived in England with a plan for a tunnel under the English Channel.

The platform would serve as a port and a railway station.

the scores serve as the criterion

the sofa serves for a bed

The tunnel would be well-ventilated if tall chimneys were built above the sea level.

L65

He should have known that the police would never allow this sort of thing.

The baby elephant was holding up the traffic.

hold up the procession

L65

an aerial survey

a colony of bees

a brood of chickens

a cluster of ants

a herd of cattle

a swarm of bees

a pack of hounds

L67

brilliant photographs

It threatened to surround him completely

threaten sb with sth

threaten sth

       to do sth

       that

L68

It was no use pretending that I had not seen him.

idle the days away

fancy meeting you hear  意外碰见时说

L69

drive in heavy traffic

a heavy/sullen face

a heavy meal

I suddenly pressed the brake pedal hard and we were both thrown forward.

in a mournful voice

L70

a bullfight

a matador

shout rude remarks

The drunk seemed quite sure of himself.

ring / court / field

catch/lose sight of

He clumsily stepped aside to let it pass.

break into cheers

drag the drunk to safety

the bull looked on sympathetically

L71

The house had been burned down.

Big Ben takes its name from Sir Benjamin Hall.

It is not only of immense size, but is extremely accurate as well.

Big Ben has rarely gone wrong.

L72

The car had been specially built for him.

30 feet in length

L73

play truant

evade school

He has a reasonable similarity to you, at least as far as the head and face is concerned.

He was picked up by government agents for questioning.

L74

limelight n.

take special precautions

When they had all made themselves comfortable, a stranger appeared.

1.11 sheriff 应该是可数名词啊

with a sneer

in case

I run away down the hill in case she tried to follow.

I’ve got the key in case we want to go inside.

Li Hua, in case you’ve forgotten, hasn’t forgotten you.

L75

a light passenger plane

Snow lay thick on the ground.

She stamped out the letter ‘SOS’ in the snow.

It was not long before a helicopter arrived on the scene to rescue the survivors of the plane crash.

L76

leading growers

play the leading role in doing

expect a splendid crop

Here you can see two workers who, between them, have just finished cutting three cartloads of golden brown macaroni stalks.

thresh the crop

L77

mummy

resin

L78

an enormous appetite

When my friend Brain urged me to accept a cigarette, it was more than I could bear.

I produced a packet of sweets from my pocket.

L79

A flight attendant would take charge of me.

in charge of the children

gain height/speed/50 pounds

The plane touched down.

A bomb had been planted on the plane.

L80

a good/great many

on arriving in England... = soon after they arrived in England...

L81

He soon changed into the dead man’s clothes.

march boldly up and down in front of the camp

stand to attention

He was rather elderly with grey hair.

knock him to the ground with a sharp blow

L82

Sailors sometimes claim to have seen monsters in the sea.

‘Monsters’ have at times been sighted are simply strange fish.

A small fishing boat was carried miles out to sea by the powerful fish as it pulled on the line.  上钩

L83

a fanatical opponent

L84

The strike is due to begin on Tuesday.

The public had expressed its gratitude to the students in letter to the Press.

L85

mark the occasion

a farewell dinner in his honour

It is a curious coincidence that...   a. 稀奇的

devote himself to gardening

L86

As the man tried to swing the speedboat round, the steering wheel came away in his hands.

The book’s cover had came away from the spine.

water ski

Both man had hardly had time to realize what was happening when they were thrown violently into the sea.

Hardly had he uttered the words when he began laughing.

at tremendous speed

a tremendous tale

The petrol had been used up.

L87

The murder was committed.

on the morning of the murder

The train was taken off the line.

machine/ plan/system/discussion broke down

L88

Rescue operations are proving difficult.

Our internal security has so far proved excellent.

rescue workers

bring the man up in a special capsule

as it is / as it turns out / as thing stands

lose heart

L89

artiste ≠ artist

advertiser

The news got round

burst out laughing/crying

burst into laughter/tears

a slip of the tongue

L90

fish and chips 一盘菜，当单数

oil rig

skate

favourite eating varieties

the lovely warmly water

be frightened out of their wits

I never guessed Tom had it in him.

L91

make for = make towards a direction

We join the jostling crowd making for the only exit.

keep track of sth/sb

He could make out three men in a basket under it.

make out = distinguish

make out the number plate of the car

L92

be fast sleep = sleep deeply

L93

It was presented to the United States.

pedestal

be taken/ripped into pieces

make their homes in America

L94

be instructed in doing sth

           to do

It is not long before they are so accustomed to swimming that they can pick up weights from the floor of the pool.

gasp for air

L95

... answered the ambassador drily 冷淡地

get the fellow posted

The fire broke out in the basement.

fire engine/escape

L96

lay out food for the dead

all day/night long

have a bad/early/late night

make a night of sth

Crowds of people stand on the shore watching the lanterns drifting away until they can be seen no more.