Lesson 6 What [[make]] is it?

What make of car does he drive? 

Lesson 8 What's your job?

mechanic n. 机械师

牛津词典查不到mechanician这个词，但网上也有人用看起来较少。

询问国籍

What’s your nationality? 

What nationality are you? 而没有说成of you.

Lesson 9 How are you today?

Nice to see you. = Nice seeing you.

Lesson 12 Whose is this...? This is my/your/his/her... 

Whose shirt is that? = Whose is that shirt? 两种语序都是可以的。

Lesson 14 What colour is your...?

smart a. 本课形容衣服好看

Come upstairs and see it. and 引导目的

Lesson 17 How do you do?

air hostess, stewardess (old-fashioned) 现在一般用 flight attendant

sales rep 推销员 rep是representative的缩写，常用于口语

Lesson 20 Look at them!

Those shops are shut.

shut a. (BrE) not open for business 停业；关门 closed

Unfortunately the bank is shut now. 

Lesson 23 Which glasses?

cup是像碗一般带把儿喝茶、喝咖啡的那种；glass是玻璃杯子

Lesson 29 Come in, Amy.

air the room 给房间通风

Lesson 32 What's he/she/it doing?

walk over the bridge 此处介词用的是 over

Lesson 41 Penny's bag

bar n. [countable] a piece of sth with straight sides （长方形）条，块

a bar of chocolate / soap

candy bars

Lesson 43 Hurry up!

(BrE) The kettle’s boiling. 水开了。

Lesson 49 At the butcher's

mince n. (BrE) [uncountable] meat, especially beef, that has been finely chopped in a special machine 绞碎的肉，肉末（尤指牛肉）

a pound of mince 一磅碎肉

Lesson 50 He likes... 

choice tomatoes

choice a.

(especially of food 尤指食物) of very good quality 优质的；上等的；优选的

Lesson 52 Where do thev come from?

Türkiye 土耳其新名称

Lesson 59 Is that all?

pad n.

a number of pieces of paper for writing or drawing on, that are fastened together at one edge 便笺本；拍纸簿

a sketch / writing pad

a [[piece]] of chalk

Lesson 61 A bad cold

[[bad]] a. serious; severe 严重的；剧烈的

You’re heading for a bad attack of sunburn.

The engagement was a bad mistake.

My headache is getting worse.

Lesson 62 What's the matter with them?

eat rich food 油腻食物

have a temperature

have mumps

Lesson 65 Not a baby

telephone v. In BrE, to phone, to ring and to call are the usual ways of saying to telephone. In NAmE the most common word is call, but phone is also used. Speakers of NAmE do not say ring. Telephone is very formal and is used mainly in BrE.

Lesson 67 The weekend

at the greengrocer’s

How are you all keeping?

[[keep]] v.

[intransitive] + adv./prep. (informal) used to ask or talk about sb’s health （询问或谈论某人的健康）

How is your mother keeping?

We’re all keeping well.

Lesson 72 When did you...?

the day before yesterday in the afternoon 前天下午

yesterday evening 昨天傍晚，不需要用’s

the night before last 前天晚上

Lesson 73 The way to King Street

‘I can ask him the way,’ she said to herself. 英式英语用单引号，美式英语用双引号

said to oneself 心想

think aloud 自言自语

drink thirstily

Paul drank thirstily.

Lesson 76 When did you...?

The cat jumped off the wall.

She dusted the cupboard this morning.

Lesson 77 Terrible toothache

physician 内科医生 surgeon 外科医生

Lesson 79 Carol's shopping list

We haven’t got much tea or coffee.

口语中

have got = have

haven’t got = don’t have

Lesson 80 I must go to the...

have/take a cigarette

Lesson 85 Paris in the spring

What’s [[on]]? 放的啥电影?

A new film is on now.

What’s on television tonight?

Lesson 87 A car crash

a lamp post

(especially BrE) a tall post in the street with a lamp at the top 路灯柱；灯杆

The car [[skid]]ded and hit a lamp post.

Also street light

I drove my car into the lamp post.

garage的发音英美区别较大 / ˈgærɑːʒ, ˈgærɪdʒ; US gəˈrɑːʒ; ɡəˋrɑʒ/

Lesson 89 For sale

have the last word = have the final say

It’s worth every penny of it.

Lesson 91 Poor Ian!

Please give him my regards.

Lesson 95 Tickets, please.

in five hours’ time = in five hours

Lesson 95 Tickets, please.

return ticket = round-trip ticket

single ticket = one-way tickets

conductor 汽车的售票员，火车检票员

porter 行李员

That clock’s ten minutes slow/fast.

Lesson 97 A small blue case

[[the other day]] = a few days ago

Lesson 99 OW!

X-ray your back.

Lesson 101 A card from Jimmy

He doesn’t say very much.

Lesson 103 The French test

数学 math 美 maths 英

Lesson 106 I want you/him/her/them to... 

put the record on

Lesson 109 A good idea

spoonful n.

the amount that a spoon can hold 一勺（的量）

two spoonfuls of sugar

Lesson 111The most expensive model

Millionaires don’t buy things on instalments.

instalment (especially BrE) (NAmE usually installment )

We paid for the car by / in instalments.

Lesson 113 Small change

Fares, please.

He changed plane in Hong Kong.

I haven’t got any small change.

Neither have I.

Lesson 125 Tea for two

What a nuisance! I’ve forgotten my ticket.

nuisance n.

[countable, usually singular] a thing, person or situation that is annoying or causes trouble or problems 麻烦事；讨厌的人（或东西）

I don’t want to be a nuisance so tell me if you want to be alone.

Lesson 129 Seventy miles an hour

take my advice = follow my advice

Lesson 131 Don’t be so sure!

make up our minds = decide / make our decision

Lesson 132 He may have been... 

must/can’t/may have been... 对过去的推测

What was he doing?

He may have been reading at that moment. 她那时可能在读书。

Lesson 133 Sensational news!

mink coat 貂皮大衣

Lesson 134 He said（that）he... 他曾说他......

直接引语 ‘I will have to ask my future husband,’ she said.

间接引语 She said she would have to ask her future husband.

助动词和情态动词的变化要注意

can, could  /  will, would

Lesson 137 A pleasant dream

do the football pools 赌球

Lesson 141 Sally's first train ride

compact n.

a small flat box with a mirror, containing powder that women use on their faces 带镜粉饼盒

be dressed in = wear